Hey Xiaojiang
You go to the Langting Club at night
Accompany Mr. Sun of Zhengtai Group
Gotta get the contract today
It's me and Mr. Sun who have only met once
This kind of thing
Let the colleagues in the business department follow it up.
People are impressed with you
Roll call wants you to go
If you don't go, it's the order you got.
If you fly, you will be fired.
Just to accompany the wine
That's a senior club, what are you afraid of?
Fine. I'll do it.
Wait until this is done
Just quit your job.
Xiao Jiang, you didn't drink a glass of wine tonight
Mr. Sun, I'm pregnant and can't drink
It's okay to have a drink
Otherwise, it will get out today.
Where do I put my face?
So today you drink this glass of wine
This game is over
Contract
Go back and I'll sign it for you right away
Ok Mr. Song
I'll just have a drink
Hey.
Hey, that's right
Hey, Xiao Jiang
Are you all right?
Yeah.
If you drink too much, take a break next to you
Are you alright, Xiaojiang is alright?
It smells so good.
Mr. Song, what are you doing?
You let me go
Please don't do this, really.